[EDU-3624] refactor: update Bot Protection guide (#535)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/integrations/bot-protection/index.mdx

Using advanced algorithms that analyze the behavior of incoming data, the integration can detect and prevent malicious activities such as credential stuffing, vulnerability scanning, and site scraping.

The system employs *Reputation Intelligence* to establish a profile of each person who visits the site, including location, device type, and browsing patterns. This enables the prompt detection of suspicious behavior and the implementation of preventive measures against potential threats.

import Button from '~/components/Button.astro';

<Button href="/en/documentation/products/marketplace/bot-protection/" text="go to Bot Protection reference" variant="secondary"> 

</Button>

---

## Getting the integration

To use Azion **Bot Protection**:

1. Access [Real-Time Manager (RTM)](/en/documentation/products/guides/how-to-access-rtm/) > **Marketplace**.
2. On the Marketplace's homepage, select the integration's card.
3. Once the integration's page opens, click the **Get It Now** button, at the bottom-right corner of the page.

> A successful message appears to confirm your integration is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A successful message appears to confirm that your integration has been installed.
```

}
```

> Even when `threshold` and `action` are mandatory variables, you can add and define more variables, according to your needs, as showed in the example below that includes [integration with a SIEM](#integrating-with-a-siem).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Even when `threshold` and `action` are mandatory variables, you can add and define more variables, according to your needs, as shown in the example below that includes [integration with a SIEM](#integrating-with-a-siem).
```

| `user_id_field`| String | No | Defines the name of the `user_id_source`. Example: `uid` |

5. When you're done, click the **Save** button.

:::tip
To learn how to get the logs of Azion **Bot Protection**, go to the [Integrating with a SIEM](#integrating-with-a-siem) section.
:::

#### Configuring actions

Azion **Bot Protection** is able to execute **5 different actions** whenever the request's score is greater or equals the defined threshold:

- `allow`: allows the continuation of the request.
- `deny`: delivers a standard *Status Code 403* response.
- `drop`: terminates the request without a response to the user.
- `redirect`: allows the request to be redirected to a new URL/Location when the security threshold is reached. To enable this action, you must declare the variables as in the example:

```json
  "action": "redirect",
  "redirect_to": "http://xxxxxxxxxx.map.azionedge.net/"
```

> Where `redirect_to`defines the new URL/Location to redirect the requests. If this field isn't filled or it's filled with a value that isn't an *string*, the function will behave as would happen with the `allow` action enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `redirect_to` defines the new URL/Location to redirect the requests. If this field isn't filled or it's filled with a value that isn't a *string*, the function will behave as if the `allow` action were enabled.
```

| `log_tag` | String | No | A tag to identify the function instance which generated the request |
| `log_all_headers` | Boolean | No | Defines whenever or not all the request headers should be sent in the function's log. **Note**: the headers' values are going to be printed with base64 encode |
| `disabled_rules` | Array of numbers | No | The rules to be disabled. If a rule is disabled, it won't be processed nor increment the request score |
| `reputation_network_lists` | Array of numbers | No | Every network list that should be used to validate the request IP. If the request IP is found in a list, then the request score will be increased. If the request IP is found in multiple lists, the score will be increased by multiple times |
| `session_signature_key` | String | No | To sign the `az_asm`. If this field has no value or an invalid value, the function will use the default value `azion` |
| `siem_integration` | Boolean | No | Defines if the request data should perform POST to an external endpoint. Default value: `false` |

> | `send_data_to_siem_when` | String | No | Defines when the request data should be sent to the external endpoint (if `siem_integration` is enabled). Possible values: `always`, 'deny', `redirect`, `custom_html`, `drop`, or `log`. Read more about [configuring actions](#configuring-actions) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `send_data_to_siem_when` | String | No | Defines when the request data should be sent to the external endpoint (if `siem_integration` is enabled). Possible values: `always`, `deny`, `redirect`, `custom_html`, `drop`, or `log`. Read more about [configuring actions](#configuring-actions) |
```

| `siem_connection_args` | Table | Yes, <br/> with `siem_integration` enabled | The arguments to be used in the POST to the external endpoint |
| `siem_connection_args.host` | String | Yes,<br/> with `siem_integration` enabled | The host where the data will be POSTed to. If this field is empty, the function will be bypassed |
| `siem_connection_args.uri` | String | No | The URI where the data will be POSTed to. Default value: `/`  |
| `siem_connection_args.port` | Number | No | The port where the data will be POSTed to. Default value: `443` |
| `siem_connection_args.scheme` | String | No | Defines the scheme to be used in the POST. Default value: `https` |
| `siem_connection_args.additional_headers` | Table | No | Additional headers to be sent in the POST. The function will always send the following headers: `["Accept"] = "application/json"`, `["Content-Type"] = "application/json"` |
| `mode`| String | No | The defined environment to run the fuction. Possible values: `api` or `web`. Read more about [Bot Protection modes](#bot-protection-modes) |

> | `user_id_source`| String | No | The source to extract the data to create the user ID for the request. Possible values (case-sensitive in lowercase): `args` (querystring), `cookie`, `header`, or `body`(request body). **Note**: only bodies in the `application/json`, `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`, and `multipart/form-data` formats are accepted |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `user_id_source`| String | No | The source to extract the data to create the user ID for the request. Possible values (case-sensitive in lowercase): `args` (query string), `cookie`, `header`, or `body`(request body). **Note**: only bodies in the `application/json`, `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`, and `multipart/form-data` formats are accepted |
```

| `user_id_field`| String | No | Defines the name of the `user_id_source`. Example: `uid` |

5. When you're done, click the **Save** button.

:::tip
To learn how to get the logs of Azion **Bot Protection**, go to the [Integrating with a SIEM](#integrating-with-a-siem) section.
:::

#### Configuring actions

> Azion **Bot Protection** is able to execute **5 different actions** whenever the request's score is greater or equals the defined threshold:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Azion **Bot Protection** is able to execute **5 different actions** whenever the request's score is greater than or equals the defined threshold:
```

- `allow`: allows the continuation of the request.
- `deny`: delivers a standard *Status Code 403* response.
- `drop`: terminates the request without a response to the user.
- `redirect`: allows the request to be redirected to a new URL/Location when the security threshold is reached. To enable this action, you must declare the variables as in the example:

```json
  "action": "redirect",
  "redirect_to": "http://xxxxxxxxxx.map.azionedge.net/"
```

> Where:
> 
> - `redirect_to`: defines the new URL/Location to redirect the requests. If this field isn't filled or it's filled with a value that isn't a *string*, the function will behave as if the `allow` action were enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
Where `redirect_to`: defines the new URL/location to redirect the requests. If this field isn't filled or filled with a value that isn't a *string*, the function will behave as if the `allow` action was enabled.
```

- `custom_html`: allows customized HTML content to be delivered to the user in case of a threshold violation. To enable this action, you must declare the variables as in the example:

```json
  "action": "custom_html",
  "custom_html": "This should be the custom HTML content",
  "custom_status_code": 418,
```

> Where `custom_html` defines the HTML content to be delivered and `custom_status_code` the Status Code to be delivered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Where `custom_html` defines the HTML content to be delivered and `custom_status_code` the status code to be delivered.
```

> - If `custom_html` isn't filled or it's filled with a value that isn't an *string*, the function will behave as would happen with the `allow` action enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If `custom_html` isn't filled or it's filled with a value that isn't a *string*, the function will behave as would happen with the `allow` action enabled.
```

- If `custom_status_code` isn't filled or it's filled with a value that isn't a *number*, the default value will be a *Status Code 200*.

#### Bot Protection modes

> Azion **Bot Protection** allows you to define the environment in which the function is expected to run, being API or an web application the possible modes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Azion **Bot Protection** allows you to define the environment in which the function is expected to run. The possible modes are *API* or *web application*.
```

To find this file:

> 1. On the upper-left corner, select **Products menu** > **Edge Firewall** in the **SECURE** section.

Reviewer 2: passo 2 não deveria ser selecionar a aba Functions?

> 2. Locate the **Azion Bot Protection** edge function and click on it to load the integration's source-code form.
> 3. Select the **Arguments** tab.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Select the one related to **Bot Protection**.
3. Open the **Functions** tab to load the integration's source-code form.
3. Select the **Args** tab.
```

This will load a `JSON` file where you'll be able to tune **Azion Bot Protection** according to the necessities of your business.

> <Button href="/en/documentation/products/guides/secure/manage-bots/" text="go to manage bots guide" variant="secondary"> 

Reviewer 2: checar se vai subir a tempo
